well howdy there and enough people it's
Bo again so tonight we're going to talk
about two seemingly unrelated pieces of
international news but we're going to
talk about them because both of them
speak to the heart of an overriding
theme on this channel and the things
that we talk about they get right to the
meat of it the first one happened in the
United Kingdom the wife of an American
diplomat is leaving a Royal Air Force
Base that has been leased to the United
States it's a spy outpost now and
handles communications for Europe turns
the wrong way down a road and a
nineteen-year-old
paid the price lost his life according
to the police there she initially talked
to them and said she wasn't going
anywhere and then she used diplomatic
immunity to get on a plane and come back
to the United States so that family gets
no closure no I don't even really know
what happened at least it's not in the
papers and she may be back here crying
herself to sleep at night overcome with
remorse but the family will never know
that the family will never know that
because the very first thing that the
lawyers certainly told her was to not
apologize because shows guilt
so they're going to be left in limbo now
in a different part of the world the
President of the United States has
greenlit an incursion by turkey into
Syria the Kurds are certainly going to
oppose this the Kurds are our greatest
ally in the Middle East greatest ally of
the United States I'm certain depending
on which political party you are you're
saying no one of two countries is our
greatest ally in the Middle East make
out a list make out a list of every time
those countries have committed their
troops to fight alongside US troops then
compared to the Kurds and the Kurds
they're not even a country it's an
ethnic group they don't have a country
these are volunteers no country of their
own no friends but the mountains and as
one of them told me tonight we're
waiting for the mountains to betray us
because that's what's happening we're
selling them out again again
they will pay the price during this
incursion that's what makes this worse
than the other times in the past we have
sold them out but we did it tactfully we
just didn't help or didn't help much or
undermine them via economic methods this
time we're actively encouraging and
cheering on the invasion of their homes
I know those two things don't seem like
they have much to do with each other the
reality is they do a lot it's always
portrayed as left versus right as your
demographic versus another equal or
lesser or maybe just above demographic
at the end of the day it's not what it
is
it never is it's establishment versus
you they will always write you off to
protect themselves it's always what
happens George Carlin said it best it's
a big club and you ain't in it I'm not
sure he understood that that club was
international anyway
it's just a thought you know I have a
good night